### What is Markdown..

**Mark down** is a one of the world’s most popular markup languages. Created by **John GruberLinks** to an external site. in 2004, mark down is an everlasting quick and efficient way to format elements into plain text documents. Mark down is a simple way to format plain text using special characters. Let's say you want to make a heading in mark down, start your text with a (#) and it does the work for you! Let's say you want a super large heading you'd use one number sign and then the words (e.g. # Code 102). You can also make a really small heading by adding an additional 5 number signs equaling out to 6 total number signs for the smallest text (e.g. ###### Code 102). the more tags the smaller it goes! Now let's say you want a bold text you'd want to use (**) for example (**Code 102**) would make the whole text bold or (Code **102**) would make only the ending bold! Its made to make text look clean and structured without need complex tools while also being versatile and not limited to one specific software or device.

### The why!
So why use it? because its easy, fast and universal. Its lightweight and readable and allows you to get more down instead of worrying about format and text layouts as much. To create a new link in mark down you would want to put the link in brackets and the URL in parentheses (e.g. [link](URL)) (e.g [code 102](https://www.code102.comLinks to an external site.)). one thing to note is you can create unbordered or bulleted points by using asterisks, plus signs or hyphens. (E.g. (* First example), (+ Second), (-Third))
